README.md, before:

**ATTENTION: THIS PROGRAM IS IN THE PROCESS OF SWITCHING APIs FOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION. DATA FROM stooq.com IS BEING USED NOW.** 

# MiniStocks

![preview image](https://i.imgur.com/8aCoIzE.png)

MiniStocks is a Qt widget focussing on a minimalistic display of real-time stock data.

As of now, MiniStocks is in version of 0.1 which means "barely functional". It is still quite rough around the edges but basic functionality is established.

Install MiniStocks by downloading and opening the "build" folder and typing "make" in a CLI. The application is called MiniStocks.

# How to use MiniStocks

MiniStocks fetches real-time stock data from Yahoo Finance to update its stock ticker. The list of ticker symbols is saved in a savefile, located in the "./ministocks" folder in your home directory. 

To add and/or delete ticker symbols while the program is running, open the Settings window by right-clicking on the MainWindow and selecting "Settings" or using the designated shortcut.

## Shortcuts (MainWindow)
- S: Open Settings window
- A: Open "About" window
- +: Increase font size
- -: Decrease font size
- Ctrl+Q: Close program

## Shortcuts (Settings window)
- +: Add ticker
- -: Remove selected ticker 
- Ctrl+S: Save 

# ToDo
- improve memory management 
- improve stock ticker update implementation
- fix window size update when decreasing font sizes or deleting a ticker
- add more settings

Commit message:

updated README with new compilation commands

README.md, after:

**ATTENTION: THIS PROGRAM IS IN THE PROCESS OF SWITCHING APIs FOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION. DATA FROM stooq.com IS BEING USED NOW.** 

# MiniStocks

![preview image](https://i.imgur.com/8aCoIzE.png)

MiniStocks is a Qt widget focussing on a minimalistic display of real-time stock dataa .

As of now, MiniStocks is in version of 0.2 which means "barely functional". It is still quite rough around the edges but basic functionality is established.

# How to install MiniStocks

MiniStocks is a QMake project that can be opened with Qt Creator, but it can be also compiled via the following Terminal commands:

1. `qmake StockTicker.pro` (optional if the supplied Makefile doesn't work)
2. `sudo make install`

These commands will install MiniStocks in your /usr/local/bin directory.

# How to use MiniStocks

The application is called MiniStocks in the start menu and "ministocks" in the CLI.

MiniStocks fetches real-time stock data from Yahoo Finance to update its stock ticker. The list of ticker symbols is saved in a savefile, located in the "./ministocks" folder in your home directory. 

To add and/or delete ticker symbols while the program is running, open the Settings window by right-clicking on the MainWindow and selecting "Settings" or using the designated shortcut.

## Shortcuts (MainWindow)
- S: Open Settings window
- A: Open "About" window
- +: Increase font size
- -: Decrease font size
- Ctrl+Q: Close program

## Shortcuts (Settings window)
- +: Add ticker
- -: Remove selected ticker 
- Ctrl+S: Save 

# ToDo
- improve memory management 
- improve stock ticker update implementation
- fix window size update when decreasing font sizes or deleting a ticker
- add more settings
